fclose()
Closes the stream. 

clearerr()
Clears the end-of-file and error indicators for the given stream.

feof()
Tests the end-of-file indicator for the given stream.

ferror()
Tests the error indicator for the given stream.

fflush()
Flushes the output buffer of a stream.

fgetpos()
Gets the current file position of the stream and writes it to pos.

*fopen()
Opens the filename pointed to by filename using the given mode.

fread()
Reads data from the given stream into the array pointed to by ptr.

*freopen()
Associates a new filename with the given open stream and same time closing the old file in stream.

fseek()
Sets the file position of the stream to the given offset. 

fsetpos()
Sets the file position of the given stream to the given position. 

ftell()
Returns the current file position of the given stream.

fwrite()
Writes data from the array pointed to by ptr to the given stream.

remove()
Deletes the given filename so that it is no longer accessible.

rename()
Causes the filename referred to, by old_filename to be changed to new_filename.

rewind()
Sets the file position to the beginning of the file of the given stream.

setbuf()
Defines how a stream should be buffered.

setvbuf()
Another function to define how a stream should be buffered.

*tmpfile()
Creates a temporary file in binary update mode (wb+).

*tmpnam()
Generates and returns a valid temporary filename which does not exist.

fprintf()
Sends formatted output to a stream.

printf()
Sends formatted output to stdout.

sprintf()
Sends formatted output to a string.

vfprintf()
Sends formatted output to a stream using an argument list.

vprintf()
Sends formatted output to stdout using an argument list.

vsprintf()
Sends formatted output to a string using an argument list.

fscanf()
Reads formatted input from a stream.

scanf()
Reads formatted input from stdin.

sscanf()
Reads formatted input from a string.

fgetc()
Gets the next character (an unsigned char) from the specified stream and advances the position indicator for the stream.

*fgets()
Reads a line from the specified stream and stores it into the string pointed to by str.

fputc()
Writes a character (an unsigned char) specified by the argument char to the specified stream and advances the position indicator for the stream.

fputs()
Writes a string to the specified stream up to but not including the null character.

getc()
Gets the next character (an unsigned char) from the specified stream and advances the position indicator for the stream.

getchar()
Gets a character (an unsigned char) from stdin.

*gets()
Reads a line from stdin and stores it into the string pointed to by, str. It stops when either the newline character is read or when the end-of-file is reached, whichever comes first.

putc()
Writes a character (an unsigned char) specified by the argument char to the specified stream and advances the position indicator for the stream.

putchar()
Writes a character (an unsigned char) specified by the argument char to stdout.

puts()
Writes a string to stdout up to but not including the null character.

ungetc()
Pushes the character char (an unsigned char) onto the specified stream so that the next character is read.

perror()
Prints a descriptive error message to stderr. 